README.md, before:

# Peek::Rblineprof

Peek into how much each line of your Rails application takes throughout a request.

Things this peek view provides:

- Total time it takes to render individual lines within your codebase
- Total network time spent waiting per line

You can also drill down to only certain parts of your codebase like:

- app, everything within `Rails.root/(app|lib)`
- views, everything within `Rails.root/app/view`
- gems, everything within `Rails.root/vendor/gems`
- all, everything within `Rails.root`
- stdlib

![screen shot 2013-05-06 at 5 08 45 pm](https://f.cloud.github.com/assets/79995/468966/500eb60a-b6aa-11e2-9792-b0d90c0d703d.png)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'peek-rblineprof'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install peek-rblineprof

## Usage

Add the following to your `config/initializers/peek.rb`:

```ruby
Peek.into Peek::Views::Rblineprof
```

You'll then need to add the following CSS and CoffeeScript:

CSS:

```scss
//= require peek
//= require peek/views/rblineprof
```

CoffeeScript:

```coffeescript
#= require peek
#= require peek/views/rblineprof
```

## Integration with pygments.rb

By default peek-rblineprof renders the code of each file in plain text with no
syntax highlighting for performance reasons. If you'd like to have your code
highlighted as it does on GitHub.com, just include the [pygments.rb](https://github.com/tmm1/pygments.rb) gem:

```ruby
gem 'pygments.rb', :require => false
```

peek-rblineprof will now highlight each file for you, but there's one more thing...

To use the default theme that peek-rblineprof provides just add the following
to your peek specific or application stylesheet:

```scss
//= require peek/views/rblineprof/pygments
```

That's it! Now your code will look :sparkles:

## Contributors

- [@tmm1](https://github.com/tmm1) wrote rblineprof
- [@dewski](https://github.com/dewski) wrote peek-rblineprof

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Add note explaining what params to add to URL to use Peek
I never used Peek before when I stumbled upon peek-rblineprof so I was unaware of the need for adding the peek and lineprofiler params. If that were in the documentation it would have saved an hour or so of me chasing down the issue and wasting the maintainer's time with a GitHub issue, so I figure it's worth adding to the README!

README.md, after:

# Peek::Rblineprof

Peek into how much each line of your Rails application takes throughout a request.

Things this peek view provides:

- Total time it takes to render individual lines within your codebase
- Total network time spent waiting per line

You can also drill down to only certain parts of your codebase like:

- app, everything within `Rails.root/(app|lib)`
- views, everything within `Rails.root/app/view`
- gems, everything within `Rails.root/vendor/gems`
- all, everything within `Rails.root`
- stdlib

![screen shot 2013-05-06 at 5 08 45 pm](https://f.cloud.github.com/assets/79995/468966/500eb60a-b6aa-11e2-9792-b0d90c0d703d.png)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'peek-rblineprof'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install peek-rblineprof

## Usage

Add the following to your `config/initializers/peek.rb`:

```ruby
Peek.into Peek::Views::Rblineprof
```

You'll then need to add the following CSS and CoffeeScript:

CSS:

```scss
//= require peek
//= require peek/views/rblineprof
```

CoffeeScript:

```coffeescript
#= require peek
#= require peek/views/rblineprof
```

To profile a page request, add `peek=true` and `lineprofiler=true` to the URL of your request. 

## Integration with pygments.rb

By default peek-rblineprof renders the code of each file in plain text with no
syntax highlighting for performance reasons. If you'd like to have your code
highlighted as it does on GitHub.com, just include the [pygments.rb](https://github.com/tmm1/pygments.rb) gem:

```ruby
gem 'pygments.rb', :require => false
```

peek-rblineprof will now highlight each file for you, but there's one more thing...

To use the default theme that peek-rblineprof provides just add the following
to your peek specific or application stylesheet:

```scss
//= require peek/views/rblineprof/pygments
```

That's it! Now your code will look :sparkles:

## Contributors

- [@tmm1](https://github.com/tmm1) wrote rblineprof
- [@dewski](https://github.com/dewski) wrote peek-rblineprof

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
